Single bam (#17)
biowdl/PacBio-subreads-processing: CHANGELOG.md

version develop
---------------------------

> + Only support a single input bamfile and barcodes fasta file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The pipeline now only supports a single input subreads bamfile
  and barcodes fasta file.
```
